doc: doc how to add message for promotion (#55843)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/advocacy-ambasador-program.md

in the OpenJS Slack. For that reason and for communication purposes and
collaboration opportunities, ambassadors should be members of the
[OpenJS Slack](https://slack-invite.openjsf.org/).

## Messages and Topics to Promote

### How to add messages or topics to promote

Messages or topics that ambassadors are asked to promote are added to this
document in the [Current messages for promotion](#current-messages-for-promotion)
section through the standard PR process except that they should be open

> for 7 days before landing and and should include and at mention to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for 7 days before landing and should include and at mention to the
```

> Messages or topics that ambassadors are asked to promote are added to this
> document in the [Current messages for promotion](#current-messages-for-promotion)
> section through the standard PR process except that they should be open
> for 7 days before landing and and should include and at mention to the
> nodejs/TSC for awareness. They should be removed through the same process
> when no longer relevant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Messages or topics that ambassadors are asked to promote are added to the 
[Current messages for promotion section of this document](#current-messages-for-promotion)
via the standard PR process. These PRs should remain open for 7 days before merging,
and include an @ mention to the nodejs/TSC for visibility. When messages are no longer relevant,
they should be removed using the same process.
```
